Assignment Question and Answer
Date : 29th Jan 2023 Monday
Author : Chandan Kumar Sahoo
1.	Who developed Python Programming Language?
Ans : Guido Van Rossum developed Python Programming Language.
2.	Which type of Programming does Python support?
Ans : Python Programming supports both Object oriented programming and structured programming.
3.	Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans : Yes Python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers.
4.	What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans : The correct extension of python file is ‘.py’.
5.	Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans : Python is an interpreted language.
6.	Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans : Few blocks of code used to define in python language are a module, a function body and a class definition.
7.	State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans : ‘#’ is used to give single-line comments in Python.
8.	Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans : ‘sys.version’ helps us to find the version of python that we are currently working on.
9.	Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called
Ans : lambda
10.	What does pip stand for python?
Ans : Preferred Installer Program
11.	Mention a few built in functions in python?
Ans : There are a number of built-in functions in python. Some of them are print(), abs(), pow(), sum(), slice(), list() etc.
12.	What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans : The maximum possible length of an identifier in python is 79 characters.
13.	What are the benefits of using Python?
Ans : The benefits of using python are as follows
•	Large developer community
•	Extensive libraries
•	Write less, do more
•	Portability
•	Wide range of use cases.
14.	How is memory managed in Python?
Ans : Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager. The Python memory manager has different components which deal with various dynamic storage management aspects, like sharing, segmentation, pre-allocation or caching.
15.	How to install python on windows and set path variables? 
Ans : 
16.	Is indentation required in python?
Ans : Indentation is mandatory in python to define the block statements.


